Name: Inform 6
Details: The C-like interactive fiction language Inform 6
Extension: .i6
Line Comment: !
String Literal: "
String Literal Escape: \
Character Literal: '
Character Literal Escape: \
Binary Literal Prefix: $$
Hexadecimal Literal Prefix: $
Negative Literal Prefix: -

Start Ifdef: #ifdef %S;\n
End Ifdef: #endif; ! %S\n
Start Ifndef: #ifndef %S;\n
End Ifndef: #endif; ! %S\n

keyword Constant => !reserved
keyword Array => !reserved

keyword box => !reserved
keyword break => !reserved
keyword child => !reserved
keyword children => !reserved
keyword continue => !reserved
keyword default => !reserved
keyword do => !reserved
keyword elder => !reserved
keyword eldest => !reserved
keyword else => !reserved
keyword false => !reserved
keyword font => !reserved
keyword for => !reserved
keyword give => !reserved
keyword has => !reserved
keyword hasnt => !reserved
keyword if => !reserved
keyword in => !reserved
keyword indirect => !reserved
keyword inversion => !reserved
keyword jump => !reserved
keyword metaclass => !reserved
keyword move => !reserved
keyword new_line => !reserved
keyword nothing => !reserved
keyword notin => !reserved
keyword objectloop => !reserved
keyword ofclass => !reserved
keyword or => !reserved
keyword parent => !reserved
keyword print => !reserved
keyword print_ret => !reserved
keyword provides => !reserved
keyword quit => !reserved
keyword random => !reserved
keyword read => !reserved
keyword remove => !reserved
keyword restore => !reserved
keyword return => !reserved
keyword rfalse => !reserved
keyword rtrue => !reserved
keyword save => !reserved
keyword sibling => !reserved
keyword spaces => !reserved
keyword string => !reserved
keyword style => !reserved
keyword switch => !reserved
keyword to => !reserved
keyword true => !reserved
keyword until => !reserved
keyword while => !reserved
keyword younger => !reserved
keyword youngest => !reserved

colouring {
	runs of unquoted {
		runs of !identifier {
			keyword !reserved => !reserved
			keyword !function => !function
			keyword !constant => !constant
			keyword !element => {
				optionally spaced prefix . => !element
				optionally spaced prefix -> => !element
			}
		}
	}
}
